[hipBLAS] Initial hipBLAS changelog updates for 3.1.0 (#1204)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipblas/CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for hipBLAS is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLAS/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLAS/en/latest/).

## (Unreleased) hipBLAS 3.1.0

### Added

> * --clients-only build option to only build clients against a pre-built library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--clients-only` build option to only build clients against a prebuilt library
```
